Hello hi how do you do!
I took a break from writing the makers diary as the workload has increased so I made an executive decision to delay entries.
In the time since my last entry I have built a thermostat app with js, jquery and a little bit of ruby ruby ruby, this challenge was extremely fun as it allowed me to dive into a language I have enjoyed learning I like that with js / jquery I feel I have to really analyse the code im reading and writing. I enjoyed ruby but the language felt to simple? so when I inevitably made mistakes in it I didnt feel satisfied fixing it. Its hard to explain.
Carrying on My thermostat has full functionality as expected of the user stories.
from Memory the app has max and min temperatures it cant go over those temperatures additionally there is an eco mode that alters the temp values. users can get info on the energy usage of the thermostat as well as change the city it recognises them in. I also got to experiment with css I followed online walkthroughs to build the css on the page.




function SecretDiary() {
  var locked = true,
      contents = "Hey!";

  function unlock() {
    locked = false;
  }

  function lock() {
    locked = true;
  }

  function read() {
    if (locked) { return "Nope!"; }
    return contents;
  }

  function write(message) {
    if (locked) { return "Nope!"; }
    contents = message;
  }

  return {
    unlock: unlock,
    lock: lock,
    read: read,
    write: write
  };
}

var secretDiary = SecretDiary();
console.log(secretDiary.read());
secretDiary.unlock();
console.log(secretDiary.read());




The new operator lets developers create an instance of a user-defined object type or of one of the built-in object types that has a constructor function. The new keyword does the following things:

Creates a blank, plain JavaScript object;
Links (sets the constructor of) this object to another object;
Passes the newly created object from Step 1 as the this context;
Returns this if the function doesn't return its own object.


function Car(make, model, year) {
  this.make = make;
  this.model = model;
  this.year = year;
}

const car1 = new Car('Eagle','Talon TSi', 1993);

const car2 = new Car('Toy Car', 'test', 'testing');

console.log(car1.make);
console.log(car2.model);
// expected output: "Eagle"


function makeSizer(size) {
  return function() {
    document.body.style.fontSize = size + 'px';
  };
}

var size12 = makeSizer(12);
var size14 = makeSizer(14);
var size16 = makeSizer(16);
